Previously on Yu-Gi-Oh!
VRAINS...
(Lightning)
It's my turn!
I use JUDGMENT ARROWS
to double my monster's
attack points.
Even if I can't destroy
your monster,
you still take damage.
(groans)
Fire!
I also now activate
BORRELOAD DRAGON's ability
No!
I refuse to let you win!
When ARMATOS GLORIA
is the target
of a special ability
while it's on my field,
all my monsters
in play are destroyed.
We both take
3000 points of damage
which is more than enough
to wipe out your life points...
and mine.
No way!
I refuse to lose
to any human!
And if that means
sacrificing myself, so be it!
(grunts)
(groans)
(Playmaker)
Bohman has absorbed
Lightning.
(Ai)
Now Bohman has five
Ignis inside him,
all of ''em except me!
(Bohman)
When this is over,
you will also become
a part of me.
It is time, Playmaker.
Let's duel!
Let's duel, Bohman!
Yes. Let's.
But I think we need
a setting more
befitting of this
very special moment.
(Ai)
Something tells me he's not
taking us to a fancy restaurant.
Look, Ai...
This is the courtyard
at Central Station.
Correct,
the epicenter of Link VRAINS.
This is where we'll end things.
The final battle
is about to begin.
Yes and let's hope
it leads to Bohman's end.
Focus Playmaker...
Don't let Varis's sacrifice
be for nothing...
Win this.
I can't believe Varis
was defeated...
Not just Varis...
But also Sheppard,
Specter, Soulburner and...
Your... sister...
Poor Skye...
And we can't let her sacrifice
go to waste.
So it's time we stop standing
around doing nothing
and start doing something.
Now whaddya say you
and I get back to work
and start figuring out how to
log everyone out of LINK VRAINS.
But with Bohman blocking us
from using this
emergency log out
it's not gonna be easy.
What if we hack Link
VRAINS' core OS...
Shut down everything,
And then restart?
Well...
Theoretically that would
log everyone out
but logging out people
without their knowledge
could leave them
in a deep sleep
for like, forever.
That's true.
But that's a risk
we must be willing to take.
Now let's move.
(Pigeon)
Check it out boss
it looks like we got
the best view in the house
for the final faceoff
between Playmaker and Bohman!
(Frog)
And we gotta
take advantage of it
cuz it's our journalistic duty
to record this battle
and share it with the public!
And cuz we could go kablam!
That too, there's always
a chance of that happenin' too.
However this ends,
it could end up our end!
Well if this is
our last story
let's go out with a bang!
Ahh! Speak for yourself boss,
speak for yourself!
You there, up in the sky.
This duel has nothing to do
with either of you.
You two are now free to leave.
Huh?!
Thank goodness!
We can go, we can go,
we can go!
So where to, best friend?
Huh?!
I'm not your best friend,
you bird brain!
I'm your boss bub
and as your boss,
I say we continue
sticking it out right here!
Funny, didn't know
that I wanted to stay...
Until I could leave!
(Bohman)
When I defeat you
in this battle,
no one will be able
to oppose me
from building a new world
of my own design.
Similar to this world
you see before you.
You said ""when" you defeat us
when you should have said ""if."
And that's one ""if" we won't
allow come to pass Bohman.
No, I did not misspeak
when I said ""when," Playmaker.
So then let's begin.
(gasps)
Whoa.
I'm ready to test out my
new strategies whenever you are.
Bohman just built himself
a brand new deck.
Yeah,
out of Flame, Aqua,
Earth, Windy, and Lightning.
Bohman is using their powers
to power his deck!
What is that?
It's an Ignis algorithm.
So what do you think
it can do?
I'm not sure.
But I doubt it's good.
Let's hurry...
The sooner we can
hack into the core,
the sooner we can save
everyone in Link VRAINS.
I'm on it.
I used to be a pretty decent
hacker back in the day...
Time to see
if I've still got it.
(Klarissa)
Hmm. Hey guys.
It seems like we're not the
only ones hacking the system.
Hey, ya big tool!
Stop using the Ignis as tools
to power up your duel!
It's just not right!
(Bohman)
You misunderstand my
intention.
They are not tools.
I'm honoring them
by using their strength.
And do not fret, Ai,
you will join your friends
soon enough when I defeat
Playmaker and absorb you.
Now then...
It's time to duel, Playmaker.
And...
End this war once and for all!
(both)
Let's duel!
What in the world is that?
It kinda looks like a
portal...
A portal.. that's gonna
get us all outta here!
(crowd screaming)
This is so unflash!
(both gasp)
You hear that, Playmaker?
It was like the whole world
screamed at once!
You're right.
Something is going wrong
in LINK VRAINS, Ai.
Hello?
Anyone in there?
It's like the lights are
on but no one's home.
Am I next?
(screams)
I don't wanna be next!
Mommy!
What's this?
This isn't good.
That's an understatement
if I've heard one.
You're right...
This really,
really isn't good...
(Roboppi sighs)
Poor Roboppi...
Left home
all alone again.
But lucky for Roboppi,
Roboppi can still watch
his master duel.
And watch his master win.
Roboppi doesn't remember having
this function installed,
unless it's a malfunction!
No, no, no, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no--
unless!
Of course, it must have been
master's doing!
Yay, master!
(Ai)
If we heard everyone
screamin' in LINK VRAINS,
it must be cuz our Link
Sense is tinglin'.
You're right.
Even though
we can't see them,
I can still feel them
around me.
Confused and afraid.
(Bohman)
So you have Link Sense.
The ability for
a human to sense
what is happening
within the network.
I'm sure this ""sixth sense"
is quite a useful,
but in this circumstance,
hearing the suffering
of every human in LINK VRAINS
must be distracting.
And distractions are what
you cannot have
in a duel against me,
Playmaker!
(grunts)
I shall go first.
When neither of us
have any monsters in play...
I can summon HYDRADRIVE BOOSTER
from my hand.
And with it...
I'll generate my circuit!
The summoning condition
is one HYDRADRIVE.
So I Link Summon...
Link 1 GRAND HYDRADRIVE!
Next, I summon a second
HYDRADRIVE BOOSTER from my hand!
And use it...
to Link Summon again!
I set HYDRADRIVE BOOSTER
in the Link Arrow.
I Link Summon Link 1
COOLANT HYDRADRIVE!
(Ai)
Hmm...
Even with a new deck,
he's making
the same ol' moves.
Yes but it's still early, Ai.
Now behold!
What I have already
managed to do twice,
I can do thrice, Playmaker!
I Link Summon!
Link 2 TWIN HYDRADRIVE KNIGHT!
(growls)
And I won't stop here!
I set my HYDRADRIVE
KNIGHT in the Link Arrow!
I Link Summon
Link 1 BURN HYDRADRIVE!
(snarls)
(Ai)
He used a Link 2 monster
to summon a Link 1 monster?
It may appear
as a downgrade Ai,
but he now has three
Link monsters with
different Attributes.
(Bohman)
Very perceptive.
Next, I'll summon
another HYDRADRIVE BOOSTER.
And I'll use it to
Link Summon another HYDRADRIVE!
Link 1 FLOW HYDRADRIVE!
(growls)
That has a fourth Attribute!
Next I activate the spell card
HYDRADRIVE REBUILD!
By destroying BURN HYDRADRIVE
I can summon a different
HYDRADRIVE from my graveyard by
negating its special abilities.
Rise, TWIN HYDRADRIVE KNIGHT!
In addition, when
BURN HYDRADRIVE is destroyed,
it triggers
its special ability
allowing me to summon
a HYDRADRIVE TOKEN
in defense mode.
A TOKEN I'll use
to generate my circuit
for a sixth time!
Gooooo!
I Link Summon Link 1
ALTERATION HYDRADRIVE!
I activate ALTERATION
HYDRADRIVE's ability!
I select one HYDRADRIVE
on my field,
and if any HYDRADRIVE
in my graveyard
has fewer Link Arrows
than my chosen monster,
I can resurrect
as many of them as I want.
What?
As many as you want?
So I select my TWIN
HYDRADRIVE KNIGHT!
Since it's Link 2,
I can revive Link 1
BURN HYDRADRIVE
and COOLANT HYDRADRIVE!
But in exchange,
I must destroy
TWIN HYDRADRIVE KNIGHT.
What surprise does
Bohman have for us?
(Pigeon)
Spoiler alert, Boss!
If Bohman's got four
Link 1 monsters,
you know he's gonna use ''em
to summon a Link 4 monster!
Yeah! Because
those monsters
are the most powerful ones
in the game!
I'm summoning
HYDRADRIVE ELEMENTS!
(both scream)
(Pigeon)
So much for the spoiler.
And I'll use my
HYDRADRIVE ELEMENTS
to generate my circuit!
And so I Link Summon
Link 1 GRAND HYDRADRIVE!
He summoned another
Link 1 monster...
When I use HYDRADRIVE ELEMENTS
to Link Summon,
its special ability activates.
Allowing me to select
a monster
that's on the field
and change its Attribute
to one of my choosing
until the end of the turn.
(grunts)
He has two
Earth monsters,
so he's probably gonna
change one of ''em.
And you're probably right.
I'm changing ALTERATION
HYDRADRIVE from Earth...
to Light.
(Ai)
Now he has the Attribute
of every Ignis,
except for me.
Not to mention the five
Link 1 monsters on his field.
Which would theoretically
allow him to summon
a Link 5 monster.
Good thing Link 5
monsters don't exist cuz
they'd be super OP.
(chuckles) Oh, Ai...
One could fill an entire book
with what you don't know.
If a particular monster
doesn't exist...
Then I'll just create it.
I activate my Skill!
His Skill?
His Skill.
(crowd screaming)
Everybody look out,
another wave's comin'!
(whimper)
(gasps)
(screaming)
The first mind blasts
occurred simultaneously
with the start of the duel.
And this second wave
when Bohman activated its Skill.
That means this duel...
and the mind blasts
are connected.
Then we need to figure out
how they're connected.
(thunder rumbling)
(grunting)
You heard that?
Yes...
How could I not.
(whooshing)
Bohman's whippin' up
one storm of a Data Storm
the biggest one
I've ever seen!
My Skill allows me to acquire
a Cyberse monster
from the Data Storm
and add it to my Extra Deck!
And the stronger the storm,
the stronger the monster!
(whimpering)
(sreams)
You guys ok?
(both gasp)
This is not
a good development!
No kidding!
And we're next,
ya just know we're next!
(Avatar A)
Run!
(Avatar B)
Hide!
Get ready, Playmaker.
(grunts)
Because now...
I generate my optimal circuit!
The summoning conditions
require five Link Monsters
with five different
Attributes!
Five?!?
Witness the greatest
Link Summoning...
ever!
(all gasp)
(Bohman)
Link 5 CHIMERA
HYDRADRIVE DRAGRID!
(growls)
Aww glitch!
A Link 5 monster!
(Bohman)
CHIMERA HYDRADRIVE DRAGID's
special ability activates.
When it's summoned
from my Extra Deck,
it gains one HYDRADRIVE Counter.
There's no way Bohman
should've been able to summon
a Link 5 monster!
I agree, that would take power
beyond the capabilities
that any AI can generate!
You may think it's impossible,
but as you can see,
it's clearly not.
So the question is...
How was it able to draw out
so much energy?
Ahh! Me and my big mouth!
Why'd I have to open it,
even though I don't have one,
and say that it's impossible
to summon a Link 5 monster.
I jinxed it, didn't I,
Playmaker?
I don't believe in jinxes,
but if there was such a thing...
Then yes, Ai,
you did go and jinx it.
What you call a jinx,
I call careful planning.
For, I alone did not possess
the power to summon
a Link 5 monster,
so I tapped into another source.
Another source?
You mean other humans!
What else would I mean.
I don't know, a hamster wheel?
I've said before that
LINK VRAINS and I are one.
Therefore, so is everyone
within LINK VRAINS.
My Neuron Link
allows me to tap
into their mental energies
like batteries.
So that's how you were able
to create a Data Storm that big?
Wow, you must've tapped into
a ginormous number of noggins!
That's correct.
One individual is not capable
of generating much energy...
but when there's a source
with millions of minds
that I can tap into...
that Data Storm is only the
beginning of what I can achieve.
You think this Link 5 monster
is the apex of my abilities
when I only see it
as the starting line.
So, then that explains
why everyone in LINK VRAINS
is being targeted
with mind blasts
Bohman is draining
all of their brainpower.
And using it
to then fuel his duel.
The longer this duel goes on,
the more victims there will be.
We have to do something,
but is there anything we can do?
Bohman!
I know you have a thing
against cheaters,
and what you're doing here is
prime triple A grade cheating!
Cheating?
How so?
You absorbed
like a bazillion
and a half minds into ya
to power you up, right?
And your point?
My point?
My point is that dueling
is supposed to be one-vs-one,
not one-vs-
a-bazillion-and-a-half!
But Ai.
You and Playmaker have been
dueling against me all this time
and that is 2-on-1.
And you did not hear me
complaining.
Well--
(Bohman)
But to address your concern,
let me assure you
that it's more than fair.
The power of their minds
may fuel my strength,
but I'm still the one
making all the decisions.
That still doesn't
sound fair to me!
Cuz you just gave yourself
a performance-enhancing power
boost in the middle of a duel!
How is it any different
than the humans?
As humans use food
to nourish them,
I'm using them
to nourish me.
There is no difference.
In fact, you can say
that I'm doing them a favor.
Because now that
they are a part of me,
they can share in the glory of
creating a new world, a utopia.
You cannot create a utopia
by destroying the lives
of those around you.
Yeah, while we don't want
anyone to be erased anymore,
you're still willing to add to
the count to get what you want!
And that's why we
don't see eye-to-eye!
Obviously...
I know that we
don't see eye-to-eye.
Isn't that the very reason
why we're having this
dueling right now?
Stop being so... logical!
In the end, Ai,
whatever we may say,
whatever we may feel,
one side is correct,
and the other is not.
And the one who wins
this duel is the one
that will be deemed
to be correct.
So if you truly think
that I'm in the wrong
prove it by defeating me.
But I believe you will find that
this task is all but impossible.
Argh!
I've never been more pumped
to put a program in its place!
Stay calm, Ai, don't let your
emotions overwhelm your focus.
It's our turn!
Ooh, nice draw!
Yes, it is.
But I'll save it
for later and summon...
WIDGET KID!
And due to WIDGET
KID's special ability,
I'm now allowed to summon
my Tuner Monster,
CYBERSE SYNCHRON!
Next I activate
CYBERSE SYNCHRON's
special ability to double
WIDGET KID's
Level from 3 to 6!
And that gives us the sauce
to allow us to
Synchro Summon, Bohman!
I tune my Level 1
CYBERSE SYNCHRON
with my Level 6
WIDGET KID!
Watch as the flash
of lightning
strikes from the far reaches
of the universe!
(electronic whirring)
I Synchro Summon!
Rise!
CYBERSE QUANTUM DRAGON!
(growls)
(Ai)
Your HYDRADRIVE may
have more attack points
than our QUANTUM DRAGON,
but when
our DRAGON battles,
its special ability kicks in
and sends your monster
back to your deck!
So all your work's
goin' bye bye!
Hm, did you think
I wouldn't be ready for this?
(both gasp)
I already have a counter
strategy prepared for you!
I activate my
Skill again!
Again?
(both groan)
Now you will experience...
The true and terrible extent...
Of my power!